(DOCSP-47687): Adds Atlas CLI release notes for v1.39 (#945)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/atlas-cli-changelog.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

.. _atlas-cli-1.39.0:

{+atlas-cli+} 1.39.0
--------------------

> - Fixes a bug with :ref:`atlas-backups-restores-start` that prevented 
>   downloading restores for advanced {+clusters+}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes a bug that prevented :ref:`atlas-backups-restores-start` from starting download restore jobs for advanced {+clusters+}.  
```
Suggestion: Reword to make it clearer that the bug prevents the command from working. When I first read this, I thought the bug prevented you from downloading a restore, when the bug actually prevented you from starting a download restore. That might've just been my own misinterpretation, but rewording also helps to keep in parallel with my other comment below.

> - Fixes a bug with :ref:`atlas-backups-restores-watch` that prevented
>   downloading restores for dedicated {+clusters+}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes a bug that prevented :ref:`atlas-backups-restores-watch` from working with download restore jobs for dedicated {+clusters+}.
```
Suggestion: Reword to make it clearer that the bug prevents the `watch` command from working for download restore jobs.
